<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html">

    <body>

        <ui:composition template="./../resources/templates/plantilla.xhtml">

            <ui:define name="content">
                <h1>how to create a VPN profile</h1>
                
                <p> 1. Select the Start  button, then select Settings  > Network and Internet  > VPN > Add a VPN connection. </p>
                <p> 2. In Add a VPN connection, do the following:
                       <p> -For VPN provider, choose Windows (built-in).</p>
                       <p> -In the Connection name box, enter a name you'll recognize (for example, My Personal VPN). This is the VPN connection name you'll look for when connecting.</p>
                       <p> -In the Server name or address box, enter the address for the VPN server.</p>
                        <p>-For VPN type, choose the type of VPN connection you want to create. You’ll need to know which kind of VPN connection your company or VPN service uses.</p>
                        <p> -or Type of sign-in info, choose the type of sign-in info (or credentials) to use. This might be a username and password, one-time password, certificate, or a smart card if you’re connecting to a VPN for work. Enter your username and password in the respective boxes (if required).</p>
                           
                </p>
                <p>3. Select Save.</p>
                <p>4. If you need to edit the VPN connection info or specify additional settings, such as proxy settings, choose the VPN connection and then select Advanced options.</p>
            </ui:define>

        </ui:composition>

    </body>
</html>
