<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html">

    <body>

        <ui:composition template="./../resources/templates/plantilla.xhtml">

            <ui:define name="content">
                <h1>How to back up information from an old Iphone to a new one</h1>
                <p>1. Turn on your new device and place it near your current device. The Quick Start screen appears on your current device and offers the option of using your Apple ID to set up your new device. 
                    Make sure that it's the Apple ID that you want to use, then tap Continue. If you don't see the option to continue on your current device, make sure that Bluetooth is turned on.</p>
                <p> 2. Wait for an animation to appear on your new device. Hold your current device over the new device, then center the animation in the viewfinder. 
                    Wait for a message that says Finish on New [Device]. If you can't use your current device's camera, tap Authenticate Manually, then follow the steps that appear. </p>
                <p> 3. When asked, enter your current device's passcode on your new device.</p>
                <p> 4. Follow the instructions to set up Face ID or Touch ID on your new device. </p>
                <p> 5. When asked, enter your Apple ID password on your new device. If you have more than one device, you might also need to enter their passcodes.</p>
                <p> 6. Your new device offers the choice of transferring data from one device to another device or restoring apps, data, and settings from your most recent iCloud backup. You can also tap Other Options to restore from a backup on your computer. After you select a backup, you can choose whether to transfer some settings related to location, privacy, Apple Pay, and Siri. </p>
                <p> 7. If you have an Apple Watch and you're setting up a new iPhone, you'll also be asked if you'd like to transfer your Apple Watch data and settings.</p>
            </ui:define>

        </ui:composition>

    </body>
</html>
